hello everybody hello I'm back
minecraftuniverse we are back back in
business I told you back sunday and yes
hey I'm back sunday I know you guys can
read this stuff yourself and I know most
of you already know considering these
these updates have been out for three
days or so so I'm just moving start with
it this will be a quick video I'm coming
out with more maybe either today or
tomorrow but we're going to catch up
here on the time we've missed on this
channel so first of all we got here then
another 1.8 Update I know some of you
know and I know some of you can read by
yourself but I'm just going to go ahead
and read it in a recent interview notch
hinted at some exciting potential
additions to the adventure update
including melons and pumpkins which grow
from a central stem to maximum size
animal farms the ability to help or harm
npc villages as desired and a likelihood
of boss monsters in the randomly
generated dungeons now this this
explains a lot it's a small paragraph
but hey can't wait right it's going to
1.8 up days bigger than you think it's
going to be a bigger than I thought I
was going to be but I'm on to the next
update we're going to share with you
guys so we got the aether here now I'm
not going to read you these paragraphs
you're just gonna have to go read it all
yourself but it like pretty much it's
just that they got another look here at
the aether preview you know it's a
collaboration by King big dogs shaaka
kodachi flan and 303 they're all working
together to create this sorta another
minecraft like parallel universe kind of
thing and you make a portal kind of out
of glowstone instead of obsidian I think
that's the way it works but it'll take
you to this place called the aether and
there's different monsters different
ways to explore randomly generated
dungeons and they're working on all this
and it's sort of like a private project
but it'll be released to all of you soon
enough and for me and if you guys want
to see that kind of stuff just tell me
and I will do a series on the aether so
you guys can learn more
about it and yeah that's that's pretty
much the aether go check out that little
listing that will be in the description
too and we got one more thing for you
today I mean it's kind of a little extra
thing I don't know if you guys want to
know or not but it's a free minecraft
minecraft giveaway still underway it's
still underway until July I mean August
first I think so we got about 15 day 14
days I'm like that 13 but yeah hey go
check it out it's a minecraft give away
all you have to do is click like on
facebook on the minecraft forms and you
will be entered for a chance to win one
of the 3 100 copies of minecraft they're
giving away august first so don't miss
out on this go like it that's all you
have to do you like it you're entered
and hey make several facebook accounts
if you're really desperate for an
account and i know a lot of you out
there use cracked accounts and be no
more because you here's your chance to
get a free copy easily just go click
that like button i'll put that link in
the description to this post and to the
facebook link and i'll have to do is
like their page there you go but i think
that's it i'm going to all that's all
man update for you in this video if
there's any more updates later on or
some things you may need to know i'll
update you on this stuff and i think
that's just about it I'm glad I'm back
I'm going to start making more videos
for you guys now and I guess I guess
that's a long that's it I'll talk to you
guys later